# FetiiAI-Chatbot

The FetiiAI Chatbot is a GPT-powered chatbot prototype that answers real questions about Fetii’s Austin, TX rideshare data such as “How many groups went to Moody Center last month?”, “Top drop-offs for 18–24 on Saturday nights?”, “When do large groups (6+) ride downtown?”. It uses OpenAI’s new GPT-5 large language model to parse each message into ‘intent and slots’ nodes that configure the model to understand and determine what the user is asking rather than being a rules-based, hardcoded version. The Streamlit UI included Fetii-inspired color patterns with chat bubbles for the conversation, a sidebar for sample questions that can be clicked, the ability to reset chat, and smart fallbacks such as if a time window has no rows, it shows the most recent month with results. General support questions such as “What is Fetii?” and “How do I book rides?” are included to provide holistic support for the user.

This all allows for significant future adaptability and improved functionality through iterative development. I would expand on the orchestration and overall functionality coverage of the chatbot. I would add more Fetii-app-inspired UI elements and patterns, broaden the intents and question functionalities to account for more variety in user prompt structure and topics (e.g., ride pricing, hotspots). Furthermore, I would upgrade the backend aspects to be a live database (e.g. SAP HANA, Postgres) and transform this application to be able to create more of its own queries. Exploring the integration of Model Context Protocol tools to access external data and other aspects of the Fetii platform is on my radar as well as this will allow for simple automations and make this chatbot a more full-on Fetii virtual assistant for users. Overall, these future plans are all based on my experience through internships at Lockheed Martin, KPMG, and the Indian Health Service (U.S. DHHS) where delivering mission-critical and production-ready AI and Data solutions is vital.
